Improve onboarding materials (#21)
simmsb/inkview-rs: README.md

</p>

This repo contains bindings for `libinkview`, which is used by pocketbook devices.

## Overview

- `inkview` is the core of the project.
It dynamically loads `libinkview` rather than linking it statically, so that users of this

> crate woudln't have to setup the pocketbook SDK during the build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
crate don't have to setup the pocketbook SDK.
```

- `inkview-slint` provides a backend for the [slint](https://github.com/slint-ui/slint)
crate that works with `inkview`, with a respective demo project under `examples/inkview-slint-demo`.

The subprojects may contain examples that lay under `examples/` subfolders (e.g. `inkview/examples`)

## Prerequisites (Set-up)

1. [Zig](https://ziglang.org/learn/getting-started/#installing-zig) must be installed.
1. [just](https://github.com/casey/just) command runner must be installed.
    The build and deployment helper commands are defined in the [justfile](./justfile).
    Available recipes can be listed with:
    ```bash
    just --list
    ```
1. To set-up a reproducible sandbox build environment for the target `armv7-unknown-linux-gnueabi.2.23`
one must install [NIX](https://nixos.org/download/) +
[direnv](https://direnv.net/docs/installation.html) +
[devenv](https://devenv.sh/getting-started/).
    This way Nix installs the exact cross-compilation tools required for the e-reader, 
    while direnv automatically injects them into your shell the moment you enter the project directory.

> 1. Then execute the following to install the `armv7-unknown-linux-gnueabi` rustc target and `cargo-zigbuild`:

Reviewer: If the nix shell is used, there's no need to install/setup anything else.

Author: You are right. This step was in the documentation before, so I left it there. Will adapt the documentation.

Author: I've updated the set-up to provide 2 options either with nix or with just prerequisits

Author: @simmsb is it fine for you?

Reviewer 2: I think the markdown formatting of the prerequisites section is not great, see:

<img width="894" height="264" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6bdf1ced-71d4-4352-822d-3d9af91ff7c5" />

the "**Note**" looks like it applies to everything since it is incorrectly indented.
Maybe it can be improved a bit by simply using markdown-supported nested enumeration items

Author: updated with [a69fdf5](https://github.com/simmsb/inkview-rs/pull/21/commits/a69fdf51a5e987d04018fc72133865cb2a36a58f)

Author: @flxzt could you please resolve the issues?
